Split configuration options by feature (#732)
solid/community-server: config/README.md

This folder contains several configurations that can be used to start up the server.
All those configurations are created in the same way:
features are enabled or disabled by choosing a specific option for every component.
All components are represented by the subfolders found in the folders here:
`ldp` contains all LDP related components,
`identity` all IDP components, etc.
Options are then chosen by importing 1 entry from every component subfolder.
In case none of the available options have the exact feature configuration you want,
it is always possible to not choose any of them and create your own custom version instead.

# How to use
The easiest way to create a new config is by creating a JSON-LD file

> that imports an option from every component subfolder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that imports one option from every component subfolder (such as `xxx`, `yyy`).
```
